Problem I
                                           Sensor Network
                                        Time Limit: 2 seconds
A wireless sensor network consists of au-
tonomous sensors scattered in an environment
where they monitor conditions such as temper-
ature, sound, and pressure.
Samantha is a researcher working on the
Amazon Carbon-dioxide Measurement (ACM)
project. In this project, a wireless sensor net-
work in the Amazon rainforest gathers envi-
                                                                                         Picture from Wikimedia Commons
ronmental information. The Amazon rainfor-
est stores an amount of carbon equivalent to a
decade of global fossil fuel emissions, and it plays a crucial role in the world’s oxygen-transfer pro-
cesses. Because of the huge size of this forest, changes in the forest affect not only the local environment
but also global climate by altering wind and ocean current patterns. The goal of the ACM project is to
help scientists better understand earth’s complex ecosystems and the impact of human activities.
Samantha has an important hypothesis and to test her hypothesis, she needs to find a subset of sensors
in which each pair of sensors can communicate directly with each other. A sensor can communicate
directly with any other sensor having distance at most d from it. In order for her experiments to be as
accurate as possible, Samantha wants to choose as many sensors as possible.
As one does not simply walk into the Amazon, Samantha cannot add new sensors or move those that
are currently in place. So given the current locations of the sensors, she needs your help to find the
largest subset satisfying her criteria. For simplicity, represent the location of each sensor as a point in a
two-dimensional plane with the distance between two points being the usual Euclidean distance.

Input

The input consists of a single test case. The first line contains two integers n and d (1 ≤ n ≤ 100 and
1 ≤ d ≤ 10 000), where n is the number of sensors available and d is the maximum distance between
sensors that can communicate directly. Sensors are numbered 1 to n. Each of the next n lines contains
two integers x and y (−10 000 ≤ x, y ≤ 10 000) indicating the sensor coordinates, starting with the first
sensor.

Output

Display a maximum subset of sensors in which each pair of sensors can communicate directly. The
first line of output should be the size of the subset. The second line of output should be the (one-
based) indices of the sensors in the subset. If there are multiple such subsets, any one of them will be
accepted.

Sample Input 1                                Sample Output 1
4   1                                         2
0   0                                         1 2
0   1
1   0
1   1

Sample Input 2                                Sample Output 2
5 20                                          3
0 0                                           4 3 5
0 2
100 100
100 110
100 120
