Rapid City

                                                                                  event
                                                                                  sponsor
                                                                                                  ICPC 2017

                                             Problem I
                     Secret Chamber at Mount Rushmore
                                       Time limit: 1 second
By now you have probably heard that there is a spectacular stone sculp-
ture featuring four famous U.S. presidents at Mount Rushmore. How-
ever, very few people know that this monument contains a secret cham-
ber. This sounds like something out of a plot of a Hollywood movie, but
the chamber really exists. It can be found behind the head of Abraham
Lincoln and was designed to serve as a Hall of Records to store impor-
tant historical U.S. documents and artifacts. Historians claim that the
construction of the hall was halted in 1939 and the uncompleted cham-
ber was left untouched until the late 1990s, but this is not the whole
truth.
In 1982, the famous archaeologist S. Dakota Jones secretly visited the
monument and found that the chamber actually was completed, but it
was kept confidential. This seemed suspicious and after some poking
around, she found a hidden vault and some documents inside. Unfortu-
nately, these documents did not make any sense and were all gibberish.
She suspected that they had been written in a code, but she could not
decipher them despite all her efforts.
Earlier this week when she was in the area to follow the ACM-ICPC World Finals, Dr. Jones finally dis-
covered the key to deciphering the documents, in Connolly Hall of SDSM&T. She found a document that
contains a list of translations of letters. Some letters may have more than one translation, and others may
have no translation. By repeatedly applying some of these translations to individual letters in the gibberish
documents, she might be able to decipher them to yield historical U.S. documents such as the Declaration
of Independence and the Constitution. She needs your help.
You are given the possible translations of letters and a list of pairs of original and deciphered words. Your
task is to verify whether the words in each pair match. Two words match if they have the same length and
if each letter of the first word can be turned into the corresponding letter of the second word by using the
available translations zero or more times.

Input

The first line of input contains two integers m (1 ≤ m ≤ 500) and n (1 ≤ n ≤ 50), where m is the number
of translations of letters and n is the number of word pairs. Each of the next m lines contains two distinct
space-separated letters a and b, indicating that the letter a can be translated to the letter b. Each ordered
pair of letters (a, b) appears at most once. Following this are n lines, each containing a word pair to check.
Translations and words use only lowercase letters ‘a’–‘z’, and each word contains at least 1 and at most 50
letters.

                                                                                             Rapid City

                                                                                event
                                                                                sponsor
                                                                                          ICPC 2017

Output

For each pair of words, display yes if the two words match, and no otherwise.

 Sample Input 1                                      Sample Output 1
 9 5                                                 yes
 c t                                                 no
 i r                                                 no
 k p                                                 yes
 o c                                                 yes
 r o
 t e
 t f
 u h
 w p
 we we
 can the
 work people
 it of
 out the

 Sample Input 2                                      Sample Output 2
 3 3                                                 yes
 a c                                                 no
 b a                                                 yes
 a b
 aaa abc
 abc aaa
 acm bcm
