Problem I
                                           Steppe on It
                                     Time limit: 3 seconds
The gas pedal on the floor. Squealing tires. Wailing sirens.
Emergency vehicles do whatever is necessary to reach their
target locations as quickly as possible. Time is critical because
lives often depend on it.
Providing emergency services is always challenging, espe-
cially for sparsely populated areas such as the Kazakh Steppe.
The cost of building infrastructure is high compared to the
number of people served. It is therefore important to minimize
both the number of roads and the number of vehicles. On the
other hand, it is also vital to minimize the response time of       Kazakh Steppe by Carole a via Wikimedia Commons, CC BY-SA 3.0

emergency services.
This problem considers a road network that already minimizes the number of roads, which means that
any two villages are connected by exactly one path. Thanks to a government grant, the Kazakh Steppe
Fire Department recently acquired some shiny new fire engines. The department wants to establish
fire stations in some of the villages and allocate the fire engines to them in a way that optimizes the
guaranteed response time.
Your task is to find an optimal placement of fire engines that minimizes the time needed for any village
to be reached by a fire engine. You can neglect the time needed to assemble the fire crew and start
the engine as well as the time to travel across any villages. The response time is determined solely by
traveling along the roads.

Input

The first line contains two integers: the number of villages n (1 ≤ n ≤ 100 000) and the number of fire
engines f (1 ≤ f ≤ n).
This is followed by n−1 lines numbered from 2 to n. Line number i contains two integers vi (1 ≤ vi < i)
and ti (1 ≤ ti ≤ 10 000) meaning that there is a two-way road between villages i and vi that can be
traveled in time ti .

Output

Output the minimum response time that can be guaranteed by placing fire engines into f villages.

 Sample Input 1                                        Sample Output 1
 6   2                                                 8
 1   8
 2   7
 2   7
 3   6
 3   5

48th ICPC World Championship Problem I: Steppe on It © ICPC Foundation                                                       17

Sample Input 2                                 Sample Output 2
3 3                                            0
1 1000
2 1000

48th ICPC World Championship Problem I: Steppe on It © ICPC Foundation   18
