Problem K
                          Suffix-Replacement Grammars
                                            Input file: suffix.in
As computer programmers, you have likely heard about regular expressions and context-free grammars. These
are rich ways of generating sets of strings over a small alphabet (otherwise known as a formal language). There
are other, more esoteric ways of generating languages, such as tree-adjoining grammars, context-sensitive
grammars, and unrestricted grammars. This problem uses a new method for generating a language: a suffix-
replacement grammar.

A suffix-replacement grammar consists of a starting string S and a set of suffix-replacement rules. Each rule is
of the form X Æ Y, where X and Y are equal-length strings of alphanumeric characters. This rule means that if
the suffix (that is, the rightmost characters) of your current string is X, you can replace that suffix with Y. These
rules may be applied arbitrarily many times.

For example, suppose there are 4 rules A Æ B, AB Æ BA, AA Æ CC, and CC Æ BB. You can then transform
the string AA to BB using three rule applications: AA Æ AB (using the A Æ B rule), then AB Æ BA (using the
AB Æ BA rule), and finally BA Æ BB (using the AÆ B rule again). But you can also do the transformation
more quickly by applying only 2 rules: AA Æ CC and then CC Æ BB.

You must write a program that takes a suffix-replacement grammar and a string T and determines whether the
grammar’s starting string S can be transformed into the string T. If this is possible, the program must also find
the minimal number of rule applications required to do the transformation.

Input
The input consists of several test cases. Each case starts with a line containing two equal-length alphanumeric
strings S and T (each between 1 and 20 characters long, and separated by whitespace), and an integer NR
(0 ≤ NR ≤ 100), which is the number of rules. Each of the next NR lines contains two equal-length alphanumeric
strings X and Y (each between 1 and 20 characters long, and separated by whitespace), indicating that X Æ Y is a
rule of the grammar. All strings are case-sensitive. The last test case is followed by a line containing a period.

Output
For each test case, print the case number (beginning with 1) followed by the minimum number of rule
applications required to transform S to T. If the transformation is not possible, print No solution. Follow the
format of the sample output.

Sample Input                                                Output for the Sample Input
AA BB 4                                                     Case 1: 2
A B                                                         Case 2: No solution
AB BA
AA CC
CC BB
A B 3
A C
B C
c B
.

This page intentionally left blank.
