Problem G
                                             Kindergarten
                                        Time limit: 2 seconds
Taking a group of kindergarten kids to the planetarium isn’t easy.
You really wanted to do this, to allow every kid a chance to get
into the room with the giant telescope and take a look at Jupiter.
And now that you’re going, you remember the stories from other
caretakers that kids can misbehave and leave some nasty surprises
in the telescope room for the kids after them. You really want to
avoid that.
You know the kids in your group very well. Each kid is jealous of
one other kid, who is cooler than them, and they might misbehave
in the telescope room if they know the kid they’re jealous of will
be there at some point after them—not necessarily immediately
after them, just at some later point. You thought this would be                              Generated by ChatGPT 4o
easy—the coolest kid in the class doesn’t have anyone to be jeal-
ous of, so she can go first, and then all the other kids in order of coolness. However, you just learned that
the coolest kid is an exception—instead of being jealous of someone cooler than herself, she’s jealous
of some other random kid in the group. This sounds like a disaster!
Fortunately, you also know that each kid has some other kid they really, really like. So whenever a kid in
the telescope room is thinking about setting up a surprise, if they know the kid they like is going to be in
the room after them and before the kid they’re jealous of, they will refrain from misbehaving. To make
this formal, if a kid A is jealous of kid B, and really likes kid C, then there’s a risk A will misbehave
and set up a surprise in the telescope room if B will be in the telescope room after A, and C will be
there either before A or after B.
Can you figure out an order in which the kids can go to the telescope room so no surprises occur?

Input

The first line contains an integer n (3 ≤ n ≤ 200 000), the number of kids in your group. The kids are
indexed from 1 to n in decreasing order of coolness. Each of the next n lines describes one of the kids.
The ith of these lines contains two integers: ji , the index of the kid that the ith kid is jealous of, and li ,
the index of the kid that the ith kid really, really likes (1 ≤ ji , li ≤ n, ji ̸= li , ji ̸= i, li ̸= i, and ji < i
for all i except 1).

Output

Output a line containing n integers, the order in which the kids should enter the telescope room. If there
are multiple ways to order the children, output any of them. If no order exists output impossible.

48th ICPC World Championship Problem G: Kindergarten © ICPC Foundation                                           13

Sample Input 1                               Sample Output 1
4                                            1 2 3 4
4   2
1   4
2   4
2   1

Sample Input 2                               Sample Output 2
4                                            impossible
2   3
1   4
2   1
1   2

48th ICPC World Championship Problem G: Kindergarten © ICPC Foundation   14
