Problem D
                            Doubles Horseback Wrestling
                                       Time limit: 4 seconds
The Nomadic Games Exploratory Committee (NGEC) is floating the
idea of a doubles horseback wrestling tournament with pairs of riders
astride single horses. They have advertised a pilot tournament, and n
eager riders have signed up to compete! So now the NGEC needs to
pair the riders in order to make the tournament both fair and exciting.
The Central Asian Audaryspak League (CAAL) maintains a list of
all horseback wrestlers and their ratings. From their previous expe-
rience with ordinary horseback wrestling, the NGEC has decided that
the pairs are best balanced if the ratings of their two riders add up to a
particular integer, s.
For obscure licensing reasons, the CAAL refuses to release the exact
rating of each rider. But the NGEC has some good estimates, knowing
that any rider i’s true rating ri lies in an interval [li , ui ]. So the NGEC
would consider pairing two riders i and j if there are ratings ri ∈ [li , ui ]
and rj ∈ [lj , uj ] such that ri + rj = s.
                                                                                 Horseback wrestling in Kyrgyzstan by Theklan
The NGEC wants to form as many non-intersecting pairs of riders as                       Wikimedia Commons, CC BY-SA 4.0

possible. You need to help them.

Input

The first line contains two integers n and s (2 ≤ n ≤ 2 · 105 , 1 ≤ s ≤ 109 ), denoting the number of
riders and the desired sum of ratings of riders in a pair. Riders are numbered 1 to n. This is followed by
n lines, where the ith line contains two integers li and ui (1 ≤ li ≤ ui ≤ 109 ), denoting the rating range
of the ith rider.

Output

Output k, the maximum number of riding pairs that can be formed, followed by k pairs of integers,
denoting the numbers of the riders forming each pair. If there are multiple ways to pair off the riders,
output any one.

 Sample Input 1                                           Sample Output 1
 6   10                                                   2
 6   7                                                    6 2
 1   4                                                    3 4
 2   2
 3   8
 5   7
 9   9

48th ICPC World Championship Problem D: Doubles Horseback Wrestling © ICPC Foundation                                     7

This page is intentionally left blank.
